docs/guides/markdowns/dirStructure.md, before:

 <p style="display:flex; flex-direction:row;justify-content:center;align-items:center;"><img style="width:25%;" src="../../../assets/imgs/logo.png"></p>


# Directory Structure Explained:
#### Use this directory guide to structure the project.

1. **Root Directory:**
    - `README.md`: Documentation providing an overview of the project, installation instructions, and usage guidelines.
    - `LICENSE`: License file specifying the terms under which the software is distributed.
    - `requirements.txt` or `package.json`: Dependencies file listing all required libraries and their versions.

2. **Source Code:**
    - `src/`: Source code directory containing platform-agnostic code.
        - `common/`: Code shared across all platforms.
        - `modules/`: Platform-independent modules and utilities.
        - `...`: Additional directories based on project structure.
    - `platforms/`: Platform-specific code.
        - `android/`: Android-specific code (if applicable).
        - `ios/`: iOS-specific code (if applicable).
        - `web/`: Web-specific code (if applicable).
        - `desktop/`: Desktop-specific code (if applicable).
        - `...`: Additional directories based on supported platforms.

3. **Tests:**
    - `tests/`: Directory for automated tests.
        - `unit/`: Unit tests for individual components.
        - `integration/`: Integration tests for combined components.
        - `e2e/`: End-to-end tests covering entire application workflows.
        - `...`: Additional directories as needed.

4. **Documentation:**
    - `docs/`: Directory for project documentation.
        - `api/`: Documentation for APIs and interfaces.
        - `guides/`: How-to guides and tutorials.
        - `architecture/`: Architecture diagrams and explanations.
        - `...`: Additional directories for specific documentation needs.

5. **Build and Configuration:**
    - `build/`: Directory for build scripts and configuration files.
    - `config/`: Configuration files for different environments (e.g., development, production).
    - `scripts/`: Scripts for common tasks such as building, testing, and deployment.

6. **Resources:**
    - `assets/`: Directory for static assets like images, fonts, and configuration files.

7. **Dependencies:**
    - `vendor/`: External dependencies managed outside of package managers (if applicable).
    - `node_modules/`, `venv/`, `.venv/`, etc.: Directory for dependencies installed by package managers (if applicable).

8. **Version Control:**
    - `.gitignore`: File specifying which files and directories to ignore in version control.
    - `.gitattributes`: Git attributes configuration file (optional).
    - `.git/`: Git repository directory (automatically generated).

9. **Others:**
    - `examples/`: Directory containing example usage or sample projects.
    - `dist/`: Directory for compiled or packaged distribution files.
    - `temp/`, `tmp/`, etc.: Temporary files directory (usually ignored in version control).
    - `logs/`: Directory for application logs (if applicable).

10. **Additional Considerations:**
    - Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) configuration files (e.g., `.github/workflows/`, `.gitlab-ci.yml`).
    - IDE configuration files (e.g., `.vscode/`, `.idea/`, `.project`, `.workspace`).
    - Localization and internationalization files (`locales/`, `i18n/`, etc.).

Commit message:

Added documentation page code using sphinx

docs/guides/markdowns/dirStructure.md, after:

 <p style="display:flex; flex-direction:row;justify-content:center;align-items:center;"><img style="width:25%;" src="../../../assets/imgs/logo.png"></p>


# Directory Structure Explained:
#### Use this directory guide to structure the project.

1. **Root Directory:**
    - `README.md`: Documentation providing an overview of the project, installation instructions, and usage guidelines.
    - `LICENSE`: License file specifying the terms under which the software is distributed.
    - `requirements.txt` or `package.json`: Dependencies file listing all required libraries and their versions.

2. **Source Code:**
    - `src/`: Source code directory containing platform-agnostic code.
        - `common/`: Code shared across all platforms.
        - `modules/`: Platform-independent modules and utilities.
        - `...`: Additional directories based on project structure.
    - `platforms/`: Platform-specific code.
        - `android/`: Android-specific code (if applicable).
        - `ios/`: iOS-specific code (if applicable).
        - `web/`: Web-specific code (if applicable).
        - `desktop/`: Desktop-specific code (if applicable).
        - `...`: Additional directories based on supported platforms.

3. **Tests:**
    - `tests/`: Directory for automated tests.
        - `unit/`: Unit tests for individual components.
        - `integration/`: Integration tests for combined components.
        - `e2e/`: End-to-end tests covering entire application workflows.
        - `...`: Additional directories as needed.

4. **Documentation:**
    - `docs/`: Directory for project documentation.
        - `api/`: Documentation for APIs and interfaces.
        - `guides/`: How-to guides and tutorials.
        - `architecture/`: Architecture diagrams and explanations.
        > **`Below Directories and files are automatically created by sphinx.`**
        - `build/`: An empty directory (for now) that will hold the rendered documentation.
        - `source/`:
            - `conf.py`: A Python script holding the configuration of the Sphinx project. It contains the project name and release you specified to sphinx-quickstart, as well as some extra configuration keys.
            - `index.rst`: The root document of the project, which serves as welcome page and contains the root of the “table of contents tree” (or toctree).
            - `_static/`:
            - `_templates/`:
        - `make.bat & Makefile`: Convenience scripts to simplify some common Sphinx operations, such as rendering the content.
        - `...`: Additional directories for specific documentation needs.

5. **Build and Configuration:**
    - `build/`: Directory for build scripts and configuration files.
    - `config/`: Configuration files for different environments (e.g., development, production).
    - `scripts/`: Scripts for common tasks such as building, testing, and deployment.

6. **Resources:**
    - `assets/`: Directory for static assets like images, fonts, and configuration files.

7. **Dependencies:**
    - `vendor/`: External dependencies managed outside of package managers (if applicable).
    - `node_modules/`, `venv/`, `.venv/`, etc.: Directory for dependencies installed by package managers (if applicable).

8. **Version Control:**
    - `.gitignore`: File specifying which files and directories to ignore in version control.
    - `.gitattributes`: Git attributes configuration file (optional).
    - `.git/`: Git repository directory (automatically generated).

9. **Others:**
    - `examples/`: Directory containing example usage or sample projects.
    - `dist/`: Directory for compiled or packaged distribution files.
    - `temp/`, `tmp/`, etc.: Temporary files directory (usually ignored in version control).
    - `logs/`: Directory for application logs (if applicable).

10. **Additional Considerations:**
    - Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) configuration files (e.g., `.github/workflows/`, `.gitlab-ci.yml`).
    - IDE configuration files (e.g., `.vscode/`, `.idea/`, `.project`, `.workspace`).
    - Localization and internationalization files (`locales/`, `i18n/`, etc.).
